TriviaBot-Question-Submission-Advice.md, before:

# How to submit good questions to TriviaBot

This guide will help you understand what type of questions we approve and which we reject for the database in TriviaBot. In general we approve about half of the questions we are sent, so don't be discouraged, submit your questions!

Please note that if you submit hints with your question we will remove any hints that look like they mimic our automatic hints, e.g. scrambled answers, pig latin, etc. This is because your own hint made this way may not translate to the other languages TriviaBot supports and cannot change dynamically. Custom hints are for hints such as, if the question was "what fruit is yellow, usually curved and has a thick skin which is peeled", a good hint would be "actually grows in a bush not on a tree" and not for example "Scrambled: ananab".

**If you are submitting images alongside your question or answer_, you should also follow the [image submission guidelines](https://github.com/brainboxdotcc/triviabot/blob/master/TriviaBot-Image-Submission-Guidelines.md) to ensure your question is reviewed and approved swiftly.**

Questions should be submitted in English, unless you don't speak fluent English in which case feel free to submit questions in your native tongue and we will attempt to translate it.

Duplicate questions will be rejected, but do not be disheartened if your question is rejected on these grounds, this means it was a **good question**, we just already know it. Try something else about the same subject that we may not have in the bot yet!

_We will not accept any questions which clearly have a small amount of time or research put into them (a.k.a. `spam questions`) and/or are hard for moderators to verify. Here are some examples of low quality questions that will get denied and possibly a submission ban or warn for the submitter._

## Examples of bad questions, and why they are bad questions

`what is 1 + 1`:
This question is of low quality because it incorporates something that almost everyone knows and isn't trivia. We will deny this question.

`Is <something> <something>?`:
This question is of low quality because it is a simple yes/no question that can be answered in under a second by just typing `yes and no` in chat.

`Who is the current president of the USA`:
This question is of low quality since it doesn't provide a year and just says `current`. This means that in x years this question will have to be replaced. We will deny this question. Any question that will not be valid in 10 years will be denied.

`in the star trek what is the letter GAN's meaning`:
This question is of low quality since it breaks grammar rules and has spelling mistakes. If you do not fluently speak English, submit your question in your native language and we will translate it for you. We would probably deny this question.

`What is the best game`:
This question is of low quality since it relies heavily on opinion, not statistics. All questions that are based on opinion will get denied.

`<insert random spam>`:
You'll receive a warning or ban for this.

`What is <my / your friend / someone unknown to most people>'s favorite <something>?`:
You must be well-known to get a question about you added to TriviaBot.

`Who is the best <something> in <your server name>?`:
Not only does this change over time, your server probably isn't well-known if you have time to submit questions like these!

`<random question from some anime / tv show / game / book / etc without context>`:
How would you like it if I asked you `who wear hat` and you had to answer in 30 seconds? Now if the question was something like: `Who is obsessed with hats in Alice in Wonderland?`, the question would be accepted.

`A: <super long quote>`:
Please limit answers to 1 - 4 words or a number.

`99*1234567890`:
Math questions should be limited to interesting, non-conflicting questions. For example, `What is the first 3 digits of the golden ratio?`.

`Are you gay / do you like sprouts / Does <random person> smell of poo?`
Questions should not depend on the person being asked the question. Questions should definitely **NOT** intentionally insult, bully or abuse others, questions may also **NOT** indriectly harm others in any form.

`What was <random YouTuber with less than 100K subs>' first/last/original video/post/channel name/creation date/etc?`
Tiny YouTubers, Twitch streamers, and random companies with a small following are not notable enough.

## Here are some examples of high quality questions

`What is the first name of first gaming youtuber to reach 50 million subscribers`:
This question is of **high** quality since it specifies what the answer is (first name) and is easily fact check-able.

`Who was the first person to unite all of China under a single ruler during the three kingdoms?`
This question is of **high** quality because it is easy to check (Google:tm:), non-debatable, and doesn't change over time.

`What is the name of the bond that holds water molecules together?`
This question is of **high** quality because it can be checked by mods easily and is non-debatable.

**Remember, questions are accepted at the Official Trivia Moderators' discretion!**
**Remember that NSFW/inappropriate questions never have a place in triviabot and will get you warned or banned if you try submit them.**
_Arguing or attempting to dispute a decision made by a mod may and most likely will result in a permanent, non-appealable ban from submitting questions._

Commit message:

Made it easier to read.

TriviaBot-Question-Submission-Advice.md, after:

# How to submit questions to TriviaBot

This guide will help you understand what type of questions we approve and which we reject for the database in TriviaBot. Overall we approve about half of the questions that added to the queue, so don't be discouraged, submit your questions!

Please note that if you submit hints with your question we will remove any hints that look like they mimic our automatic hints, e.g. scrambled answers, pig latin, etc. This is because your own hint may not translate to the other languages that TriviaBot supports. Custom hints are for hints such as, if the question was "what fruit is yellow, usually curved and has a thick skin which is peeled", a good hint would be "actually grows in a bush not on a tree" and not for example "Scrambled: ananab".

**If you are submitting images alongside your question or answer_, you should also follow the [image submission guidelines](https://github.com/brainboxdotcc/triviabot/blob/master/TriviaBot-Image-Submission-Guidelines.md) to ensure your question is reviewed and approved swiftly.**

Questions should be submitted in English, unless you don't speak fluent English in which case feel free to submit questions in your native tongue and we will attempt to translate it. Not all questions that are submitted in different languages will be approved.

Duplicate questions will be rejected, but do not be disheartened if your question is rejected on these grounds, this means it was a **good question**, we just already know it. Try something else about the same subject that we may not have in the bot yet!

_We will not accept any questions which clearly have a small amount of time or research put into them (a.k.a. `spam questions`) and/or are hard for moderators to verify. Here are some examples of low quality questions that will get denied and possibly a submission ban or warn for the submitter._

## Examples of bad questions, and why they are bad questions

`What is 1 + 1?`:
This question is of low quality because it incorporates something that almost everyone knows and isn't trivia. We will deny this question.

`Is <something> <something>?`:
This question is of low quality because it is a simple yes/no question that can be answered in under a second by just typing `yes and no` in chat.

`Who is the current president of the USA`:
This question is of low quality since it doesn't provide a year and just says `current`. This means that in x years this question will have to be replaced or alternitvly you could say `Who is the president of the USA in 2021`. We will deny this question. Any question that will not be valid in 10 years will be denied. 

`in the star trek what is the letter GAN's meaning`:
This question is of low quality since it breaks grammar rules and has spelling mistakes. If you do not fluently speak English, submit your question in your native language and we will translate it for you. We would probably deny this question.

`What is the best game`:
This question is of low quality since it relies heavily on opinion, not statistics. All questions that are based on opinion will get denied.

`<insert random spam>`:
You'll receive a warning or ban for this.

`What is <my / your friend / someone unknown to most people>'s favorite <something>?`:
You must be well-known to get a question about you added to TriviaBot.

`Who is the best <something> in <your server name>?`:
Not only does this change over time, your server probably isn't well-known if you have time to submit questions like these!

`<random question from some anime / tv show / game / book / etc without context>`:
How would you like it if I asked you `who wear hat` and you had to answer in 30 seconds? Now if the question was something like: `Who is obsessed with hats in Alice in Wonderland?`, the question would be accepted.

`A: <super long quote>`:
Please limit answers to 1 - 4 words or a number.

`99*1234567890`:
Math questions should be limited to interesting, non-conflicting questions. For example, `What is the first 3 digits of the golden ratio?`.

`Are you gay / do you like sprouts / Does <random person> smell of poo?`
Questions should not depend on the person being asked the question. Questions should definitely **NOT** intentionally insult, bully or abuse others, questions may also **NOT** indriectly harm others in any form.

`What was <random YouTuber with less than 100K subs>' first/last/original video/post/channel name/creation date/etc?`
Tiny YouTubers, Twitch streamers, and random companies with a small following are not notable enough.

## Examples of high quality questions

`What is the first name of first gaming youtuber to reach 50 million subscribers`:
This question is of **high** quality since it specifies what the answer is (first name) and is easily fact checked.

`Who was the first person to unite all of China under a single ruler during the three kingdoms?`
This question is of **high** quality because it is easy to check (Google:tm:), non-debatable, and doesn't change over time.

`What is the name of the bond that holds water molecules together?`
This question is of **high** quality because it can be checked by mods easily and is non-debatable.

**Remember, questions are accepted at the Official Trivia Moderators' discretion!**
**Remember that NSFW/inappropriate questions will never have a place in triviabot and will get you warned or banned if you try submit them.**
_Arguing or attempting to dispute a decision made by a mod may and most likely will result in a permanent, non-appealable ban from submitting questions._
